README.md, before:

# Roman Numeral Calculator

For this kata, you will be creating a library which will allow the addition and subtraction of
Roman numerals.  You may limit the amount of development time you spend on this kata to 4
hours. Once your solution ready, please provide an archive (zip, tar, etc.) of your solution
including your Git repository, source, and test code or if you choose to use a service like Github,
provide the URL to your repository.

The solution will be reviewed for:  

- Test coverage
- Algorithms
- Code structure
- Use of source control - Overall solution

The environment for this kata is the following:  

- Ubuntu Linux
- The C programming language
- GNU GCC compiler tool chain
- GNU Make
- Check unit testing framework ( https://libcheck.github.io/check/ )
- git

## Roman Numeral rules:

- Roman numerals consist of the following letters: I, V, X, L, C, D, and M which mean one, five, ten, fifty, hundred, five hundred and one thousand respectively.  

- As we are in Rome there are no such things as decimals or integers, we need to do this with the strings.  An example would be "XIV" + "LX" = "LXXIV"
- Numerals can be concatenated to form a larger numeral ("XX" + "II" = "XXII")

- If a lesser numeral is put before a bigger it means subtraction of the lesser from the
bigger ("IV" means four, "CM" means ninehundred)

- If the numeral is I, X or C you can't have more than three ("II" + "II" = "IV" not “IIII”)

- If the numeral is V, L or D you can't have more than one ("D" + "D" = "M" not “DD”)


## Stories

### User Story: Addition

As a Roman bookkeeper

I want to be able to add two numbers together

So that I can do my work faster with fewer mathematical errors.

### User Story: Subtraction

As a Roman bookkeeper

I want to be able to subtract a number from another

So that I can do my work faster and with fewer mathematical errors.

---

This Kata is based on the Roman Numeral Calculator Kata at http://bit.ly/1VfHqlj

Please submit your test-driven solution via a public Git repository (github/bitbucket).

Commit message:

added Solution Design section to readme

README.md, after:

# Roman Numeral Calculator

For this kata, you will be creating a library which will allow the addition and subtraction of
Roman numerals.  You may limit the amount of development time you spend on this kata to 4
hours. Once your solution ready, please provide an archive (zip, tar, etc.) of your solution
including your Git repository, source, and test code or if you choose to use a service like Github,
provide the URL to your repository.

The solution will be reviewed for:  

- Test coverage
- Algorithms
- Code structure
- Use of source control - Overall solution

The environment for this kata is the following:  

- Ubuntu Linux
- The C programming language
- GNU GCC compiler tool chain
- GNU Make
- Check unit testing framework ( https://libcheck.github.io/check/ )
- git

## Roman Numeral rules:

- Roman numerals consist of the following letters: I, V, X, L, C, D, and M which mean one, five, ten, fifty, hundred, five hundred and one thousand respectively.  

- As we are in Rome there are no such things as decimals or integers, we need to do this with the strings.  An example would be "XIV" + "LX" = "LXXIV"
- Numerals can be concatenated to form a larger numeral ("XX" + "II" = "XXII")

- If a lesser numeral is put before a bigger it means subtraction of the lesser from the
bigger ("IV" means four, "CM" means ninehundred)

- If the numeral is I, X or C you can't have more than three ("II" + "II" = "IV" not “IIII”)

- If the numeral is V, L or D you can't have more than one ("D" + "D" = "M" not “DD”)


## Stories

### User Story: Addition

As a Roman bookkeeper

I want to be able to add two numbers together

So that I can do my work faster with fewer mathematical errors.

### User Story: Subtraction

As a Roman bookkeeper

I want to be able to subtract a number from another

So that I can do my work faster and with fewer mathematical errors.

---

This Kata is based on the Roman Numeral Calculator Kata at http://bit.ly/1VfHqlj

##Solution Design

- I will not be converitng to Arabic numerals but will attempt to do it "When in Rome" style, like they would have done back then.
- I will likely be utilizing the algorithms shown here: http://turner.faculty.swau.edu/mathematics/materialslibrary/roman/.
- I will be attempting to use a Londesque style fo "Discovery Testing" baded on the style shown here: http://blog.testdouble.com/posts/2015-09-10-how-i-use-test-doubles.html
